♪♪
My son was hired by
someone to kill your father.
You're saving his skin.
I'm telling the truth.
Fuck! Ugh!
Whoever ordered that
hit is more dangerous
than the fella who
pulled the trigger.
Fuck. I'll be the judge of that.
Have I got your word that
you'll leave my son alone?
You have my word that I
won't shoot you in the back
when you walk away.
I'm not giving you my son.
♪♪
I'm not sorry... Open
the fucking door!
'cause I'm not the
one who should be.
Head west...
to Evie.
She'll have a boat waiting.
Once they get tired
of tracking him...
Watch over him.
Mal. for me. Of course.
♪♪
Darren: 15 north. east 30
over the brook. north 25.
And then we dig.
Big or small? What?
North 15 baby steps will
put you a fair fucking distance
away from north 15 daddy steps.
Daddy steps?
Fucking daddy steps?
It's in meters. you twat.
Loan:
Fuck me. Darren.
What? What's the problem?
Did it have to be your initial?
Doesn't fucking
matter. We found it first.
♪♪
The guy's a fucking pedo.
One shot and it'll
pay for everything.
Look. we can get away...
from all of them.
Just us.
♪♪
Load it.
Oi! Oi! Get away
from that window!
Please. Mal.
I've been stuck
in here for days.
Can I just get some fresh air.
just for a minute?
No. you can't.
You're staying here
till that boat arrives.
But you can't just make
me get on a fucking boat.
I can. and I will.
Now sit down.
That lad and his
family want you dead.
Every day you spend here.
the more they'll
come looking for you.
And your dad. too.
You think I give two
shits about that cunt
after what he did to loan?
He wouldn't have had any
reason to do it. though. would he.
had you not killed who you did?
Huh?
Hey. this is big. Darren.
Way too big to fix.
A lot of us are hurting now
because of what you fucking did.
But I'm still here.
and you're still alive.
The least you can do is
make sure that we don't hurt
any more than we have to.
Understand?
Is there really no WiFi?
Evie: Are you still bloody
going on about that?
There's no WiFi.
There was none last week.
there was none yesterday.
and there's none today
and there'll be none
tomorrow when you ask again.
What about next week?
Well. the boat will have
come and got you by then.
Thank God. Thank fuck.
There's fuck all
to do here anyway.
He won't even let me
look out of the window.
Read a book. play the piano.
Christ. Do something
other than fucking mope.
Here. Mal. I need you to
go up to the inn at the top.
I've got supplies waiting and
the kids have got the wheels.
They're out selling my stock.
Your legs don't work. do they?
What? That hill?
These knees?
Fucking suicide.
I'll go. The fuck you will.
Ohh.
You must've done
something awful. huh?
Can't even get my
bread and beans
without looking
over your shoulder.
No. it's fine. I'll go.
Just the bread
and the beans. is it?
Frank'll have a box ready.
A box? Fucking great.
Not heavy.
I promise.
How far is that pub again?
About a mile if you cut through
the woods and up the ridge.
Don't worry. I have
the cash here for you.
Well. fuck me.
♪♪
Argh! Ugh!
Argh!
Ugghh! Argh!
Ugh!
Fuck.
Ugh. Ugh.
♪♪
Baxter. come here!
Requesting F/R support teams
on all CCTV. petrol stations.
transport routes. roads.
high streets. all
surrounding areas.
Suspect code
Alpha-Foxtrot-Echo-7-3-8-4.
Edwards. Kinney.
♪♪
Oh.
Ugh. Ugh.
Come here. Come here.
♪♪
Ugh!
Evie: Hey!
You've been told not
to come down here.
I swear. if you've
taken any bullets...
I haven't. I
wouldn't. I promise.
Well. if you had.
you'd be hard-pressed
to shoot fuck all with that.
That caliber won't fit inside
your starter pistol. boy.
Interesting piece of
metal you've got there.
Who gave it to you. eh?
'Cause. 'round your way. I
only know Mikey Cartwright
make a toy like that
capable of killing a man.
You know I can't tell you.
The same goes for anyone
who asks where I am now.
Good answer.
How much do you
make with all this?
Eh. enough not to worry.
It's enough to keep
this place going.
But still not enough to pay for
a fucking Internet connection?
Cheeky bastard.
How do you even start
with something like this?
You make what you know.
When you see one
that close up. you...
Yeah.
So...
when are you planning on
telling me who you killed?
Mm.
Frank?
Frank!
Service is... slow.
Is it?
Frank. you there?!
Frank: I'm coming!
Can I help you? Excuse me?
You got a pint there going flat.
Why don't you fucking drink it?
Thank you.
Sure.
For Baxter. Hmm?
Christ. I haven't
seen you in years.
What is it this time?
Evie sent me.
I hope you drove.
I've got a week
of supplies for her.
You know old Evie likes a drink.
Can hardly blame
her. living up here.
You ever thought about
doing a door-to-door service?
There's only five doors
within five miles around here.
and in 15 years you're
the first one to complain.
Fucking city boys.
Get fucked. would you?
Right. Now you tell her
I got no luncheon
meat for her this week
but I've thrown in
some extra beef paste.
Her Albert loves the stuff.
Lovely. Whatever. Yeah.
Aside from that. no changes
from what she asked for.
Well. other than the
two extra mouths to feed.
About that.
How long is he there?
The boy.
Look. like I said. five
doors. five miles. 15 years.
We all help each other out
with whatever we need to get by.
And no questions
asked. I thought.
You're a talkative
fucker. aren't you?
Oi!
Once Albert docks
tonight. sure to Christ.
I'll be the bastard
helping him refuel that boat
for you ready for the morning.
A bit of respect and trust
wouldn't go amiss. right?
I'm sorry.
Look. um. if you want anything
or if the lad needs anything...
All the lad wants
is his fucking WiFi.
Well. we got fuck all of that.
Are you lost?
Toilet? Right next to you.
where it says. "Toilet."
Yeah. Piss only.
Shitter's out of order.
Lucky me. Lucky for both of us.
Here. cop hold of that.
Terrific. Yeah.
Can you manage?
Ohh.
Ugh.
Ohh!
Damn!
Shit.
Ohh. Ugh.
Ohh.
♪♪
Are you almost done? Almost.
Go on. love. I'll set the table.
Okay.
I'll put the soup on.
Ugh. Ugh.
Stay here.
I want nothing to do with you.
Just the jeep and your gun.
It's not a barter.
Cock the barrel open
and hand it to me.
Come on.
She full?
Two-thirds.
She'll do a couple of
hundred before she stops.
It's more than I need.
Dad? Jules. stay there!
Hey! Dad?
Please. don't.
I wasn't planning to.
But I will if you take
another fucking step.
Now I've got a way to
go. so tomorrow you call
the police and report it
stolen. not a moment before.
You don't want me as an enemy.
You understand?
Now go.
Be with your kin.
The number you have
called is unavailable.
Fuck! Please leave a
message after the tone.
Mal...
♪♪
Evie: Shouldn't you be inside?
Mal. he said that I could...
I won't tell him if you won't.
♪♪
Ah.
You're not gonna fold them?
Albert and I have been in
creases since the day we met.
Our laziness is one of the
few things we have in common.
And the kids. of course.
Eh. Albert and I. it's
made us. having them here.
They came to us
in different ways.
but we love them all the same.
So. when's this boat arriving?
Before dark.
What. today?
Well...
Albert won't want to set off
for at least another day or two.
And if Mal gets his arse in
gear with the food and drink.
we'll be able to have a
proper send-off for you.
Can't I just stay?
Can't you just take
me in like the others?
Ah. love. I can work.
I'll do whatever you want.
I know you would.
But you killed someone. Darren.
Staying here longer than
needed is not safe for you...
nor us.
♪♪
Oh! Ahh!
Ohh!
Ohh! Mnh!
Ohh. Ohh.
Ohh.
Frank: Are you lost?
Toilet? Right next to you.
where it says. "Toilet."
Piss only. Shitter's
out of order.
Lucky me. Lucky for both of us.
♪♪
Ohh.
Ohhh.
Ugh.
Ugh!
♪♪
What can I get you?
Oh. no. no. no.
♪♪
Oi. come on!
All right? Yeah. all right.
Who are you? No one.
New recruit. Mum?
Nah. Just passing through.
Be gone by morning.
Hey. what's all this?
Are you fucking
kidding me or what?!
Hey! You stop walking. old man!
Evie... Stop talking!
I'm telling you now. son.
if he drops my shopping.
there'll be bloody hell to pay.
He's with the boy.
Go on. Give him a hand.
No. you fucking don't!
You just drove right
past me with these bags.
I could just about throw
these in the house from here.
Where were you when
I fucking needed you.
halfway to breaking
my fucking neck. huh?
Are you his dad?
Darren. get back inside!
Oi! There's a lot
of stock left over.
You've been gone over a week.
I expected you to shift the lot.
No. we couldn't deliver
owt to Mikey Cartwright.
Not gonna be able to
anytime soon. either.
Someone torched
him in his kiosk.
Torched him?
Aye. He went up
with all his stock.
Police had cordoned it
off before we got there.
You! Evie!
I knew there was
something wrong.
Evie! Gimme the gun!
Gimme the fucking gun!
That's Mikey's metal.
And this... this is my slug.
Ugh! Tell me the truth!
Who the fuck
did you kill?! Evie.
Look at me! Look at me!
Evie. Evie! Tell me!
Who the fuck did you
kill?! Finn Wallace!
♪♪
Finn? Yeah.
Finn? No. Listen to me.
I couldn't in all right
tell you. could I?
No. No. 'Cause you knew.
You knew that I'd
never fucking hide him!
Get away from the window!
Why? Why?
Just tell me one thing.
Why would you go
after him? We didn't!
He didn't know who he was!
Darren. will you step away
from the fucking window?!
Dad?
♪♪
Aaah!
Come on! Ugh!
Get Darren!
Mum. please!
Liam!
Don't let them
surround the house!
Aah!
Aah! Aah!
Uggghhhh!
Evie!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Ugh! Ugh! Ugh!
Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Aah!
Aah! Aah! Aah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaah! Jesus!
The roof!
Now!
Get on the roof!
You see anybody's
feet other than ours.
you fucking shoot
them. you hear me?!
♪♪
Darren!
Ugh. Ugh.
Get off me!
Evie. be with me.
♪♪
Ohh! Ugh!
Ugh.
Aaaah!
Huh!
Go. go. go!
Uggggghhhh!
Ugh!
Aaaaaaah!
Cover me!
Yah!
Ruuuuuuun!
Aaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaah!
Aaaah! Aaah!
Ugh!
♪♪
Ugh.
Come on.
Ugh!
Take your hands off me!
You fucking killed him!
You fucking killed loan!
You're fucking evil!
Get off me!
Dad. Dad.
Dad.
Ahh.
I'll hold them
back long as I can.
Thank you.
No. No. Evie.
please. Come with us.
Evie. please! No!
Be worth it. boy.
No. no. please. come with us!
Please. Evie! No! Get off me!
Please. Evie. come with us!
No! Evie!
No! Evie! No!
Ugh.
♪♪
Ugh!
Where does it lead?
♪♪
Aaaaaaaaaaah!
Give me the gun.
Hey. give that to
me! That's mine!
Here.
♪♪
It's worth something now.
That'll be Al.
Come on.
We can still make it.
♪♪
For a week. I've had
one bullet left in this gun.
And every day I saw it.
I swore I'd use it on you.
♪♪
Take more than
that to put me down.
I've done it before.
It only took a second.
No. son.
It took a lot more.
♪♪
Come on.
If you let me get
you on that boat...
and I'll let you pull
the fucking trigger.
Come on.
Come on. Okay.
Come.
Ugh. Come on.
♪♪
Ugh! Ugh!
Don't. Don't.
♪♪
Albert: No. no. no. no. Evie.
Keep her running!
We had a fucking deal!
Kinney. where the
fuck is my wife?!
♪♪
Dad!
Dad.
♪♪
Aarrgghh! Dad.
Aaaaarrrrggggh!
♪♪
No! Dad! Ohh!
Ugh! Aah!
Come!
You get on that boat!
You head straight. Dad. please.
Dad! Aah!
Shh.
♪♪
You push it as
hard as you can...
as far as she'll go.
Come on. boy.
Stay strong.
♪♪
Dad.
Son.
♪♪
Why'd you pick him?
Woman: Hello.
Mr. Kapadia's office.
Yellow 2-4-6.
Yes. sir. immediately.
♪♪
We're done here.
Jevan: Everyone?
More.
Remove all trace
and return to London.
Orders just came in.
We've got a new target.
Another son.